website/docs: clarify M2M scope requests (#21977)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/providers/oauth2/machine_to_machine.mdx

authentik treats a grant type of `password` the same as `client_credentials` to support applications that rely on a password grant. Scopes, if required, must be defined in the request and follow the same behavior as other OAuth requests.

> For custom claims from scope mappings to be included in the issued JWT, select the scope mappings on the OAuth2 provider and request their scope names in the token request with the `scope` parameter, for example `scope=profile custom-scope`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include custom claims from scope mappings in the issued JWT, select the scope mappings on the OAuth2 provider and request their scope names in the token request with the `scope` parameter, for example `scope=profile custom-scope`.
```
